hi my name is Glen rage and i'm here to
introduce you to gravy for the brains
amazing course on how to drum the most
common thing we hear from people is that
it's too expensive to learn to drum but
with this groundbreaking course we've
removed that cost barrier by first
teaching you to play on your lap and on
your kitchen pots and pans drumming for
beginners is taught by seasoned drummer
Huw Edwards a player and teacher with
over 30 years experience who's played in
front of over half a million people with
touring bands such as leather at and our
he's a saving the Tama and Dorsey and
one of the best drum teachers in the
world so you've always wanted to play
drums but buying a drum kit is
prohibitively expensive right and maybe
you don't want to have to buy a kit
before you learn to play well with this
unique approach you can find out if it
suits you and if you actually want to
become a drummer first this course
starts off teaching drum beats fills and
patterns on your lap and by playing on
kitchen pots and pans with sticks then
halfway through we move on to the drum
kit and kick into gear with the more
advanced stuff over 22 custom-built
modules you can do all of this in the
comfort of your own home and we'll show
you how to learn the beats practice the
beats and how to realize when you're
making mistakes with not only theory but
practical exercises for you to try out
at home we'll get you playing along to
your favorite music and by the end of
this course you'll be ready to join your
first band it's great fun and you don't
have to buy a drum kit yet you're going
to learn something new give it a try and
we'll see you inside the drummer studio
you